Okay, so let's look more carefully at this model for accepting and rejecting students.
Let's say we have this student four,
who got nine in the test,
but only one on the grades.
According to our model this student gets accepted since it's
placed over here in the positive region of this line.
But let's say we don't want that since we'll say,
"If your grades were terrible,
no matter what you got on the test, you won't get accepted".
So our data should look more like this instead.
This model is much more realistic but now we have a problem
which is the data can no longer be separated by just a line.
So what is the next thing after a line?
Maybe a circle. A circle would work.
Maybe two lines. That could work, too.
Or maybe a curve like this.
That would also work. So let's go with that.
Let's go with the curve.
Now, unfortunately, the perceptron algorithm won't work for us this time.
We'll have to come up with something more complex and actually the solution will be,
we need to redefine our perceptron algorithm for
a line in a way that it'll generalize to other types of curves.